return `None` for `BinarySensor.counter` when context timeout is not used (#591)
XKNX/xknx: changelog.md

### Devices

> - BinarySensor: return `None` for `BinarySensor.counter` when context timeout is not used (and don't calculate it)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BinarySensor: return `None` for `BinarySensor.device_state_attributes()` when context timeout is not used (and don't calculate it)
```

Author: this changelog is meant for xknx. 
`device_state_attributes()` is a HA integration thing.

Reviewer: 👍
